.TH CYGEXTREG 1 2017-05-16 Cygwin Cygwin

.SH NAME

cygextreg \- Register a script file type to Windows File Explorer

.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBcygextreg\fP
\fB-r\fP|\fB-u\fP [\fB-a\fP] [\fB-f\fP]
[\fB--ext\fP=\fIEXT\fP]
[\fB--icon\fP=\fIPATH\fP[,\fIN\fP]]
[\fB--on_exit\fP=\fIMODE\fP]
.br
\fBcygextreg\fP
\fB-l\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION

CygExtReg is a utility program allowing to register an extension
(eg. \fI.sh\fP) to be executed in Cygwin by double-clicking a file from
Windows File Explorer or by dragging and dropping files to an icon of
a registered extension.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-r\fP, \fB--register\fP
Add a file type to the Windows registry.

.TP
\fB-u\fP, \fB--unregister\fP
Remove a file type from the Windows registry.

.TP
\fB--ext\fP=\fIEXT\fP
Register or unregister files of the given extension.
Default to \fI.sh\fP.

.TP
\fB--icon\fP=\fIPATH\fP[,\fIN\fP]
Path and optional index of the icon to register for an extension.
If an index is not defined, the first icon shall be used.
Default to the icon of this application.

.TP
\fB--on_exit\fP=\fIMODE\fP
Shell window behaviour after the script exits.
The following options are available:
.RS
.IP close
Always close the window
.IP error
Keep the window open if script exits with a non-zero exit code
.IP keep
Always keep the window open
.RE
.IP
Default mode is \fIerror\fP.

.TP
\fB-a\fP, \fB--all\fP
Register or unregister extension for all users.
This requires elevated privileges. Prompts for an elevated process if not
run as an administrator.
Default is to register or unregister for the current user only.

.TP
\fB-f\fP, \fB--force\fP
Overwrite if already registered for another application.

.TP
\fB-l\fP, \fB--list\fP
List extensions registered for Cygwin.

.TP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
Display help and exit.

.TP
\fB-V\fP, \fB--version\fP
Print version and exit.

.SH BUGS

Please report bugs to \fIhttps://github.com/sop/cygextreg/issues\fP.

.SH SEE ALSO

Additional information can be found on the project page
\fIhttps://github.com/sop/cygextreg\fP.

.SH LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2017 Joni Eskelinen
.LP
CygExtReg is released under the terms of \fBThe MIT License\fP.
See \fIhttps://github.com/sop/cygextreg/blob/master/LICENSE\fP
for the full license text.
.br
Icons: Tango Desktop Project
(\fIhttp://tango.freedesktop.org/\fP)
